feat(DragDrop): new drag drop styling fixes (#9784)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-core/src/components/DualListSelector/examples/DualListSelector.md

### Composable with drag and drop

> Note: There is a new recommended drag and drop implementation that has full keyboard functionality. Examples and details may be located [here](/components/drag-and-drop/react-next).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This implementation will eventually be replaced by a new drag and drop implementation, with full keyboard functionality. To adhere to this new recommendation, refer to the [drag and drop demos](components/drag-and-drop/react-next-demos).
```
Or match whatever we land on for the data list note

> Note: There is a new recommended drag and drop implementation that has full keyboard functionality. Examples and details may be located [here](/components/drag-and-drop/react-next).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: There is a new recommended drag and drop implementation with full keyboard functionality, which replaces this implementation. To adhere to our new recommendations, refer to the [drag and drop demos](components/drag-and-drop/react-next-demos).```

> Note: There is a new recommended drag and drop implementation with full keyboard functionality, which replaces this implementation. To adhere to our new recommendations, refer to the [drag and drop demos](components/drag-and-drop/react-next-demos).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: There is a new recommended drag and drop implementation with full keyboard functionality, which replaces this implementation. To adhere to our new recommendations, refer to the [drag and drop demos](/components/drag-and-drop/react-next-demos).
```

  - define an `onDrag` callback which ensures that the drag event will not cross hairs with the `onOptionSelect` click
    event set on the option. Note: the `ignoreNextOptionSelect` state value is used to prevent selection while dragging.

> Keyboard accessibility and screen reader accessibility for the `DragDrop` component are still in development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keyboard and screen reader accessibility for the `<DragDrop>` component is still in development.
```
